added the option to do a direct HTTP POST (#88)
rubensworks/fetch-sparql-endpoint.js: README.md

  timeout: 5000,
  // If the url length is below this number, HTTP GET is used regardless of the value of this.method, defaults to 0.
  forceGetIfUrlLengthBelow: 600,

>   // Force usage of direct POST (body = query string), normally a POST with URL-encoded parameters is used, defaults to false.
>   forceDirectPost: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // If true, POST requests will be sent as application/sparql-query (unencoded query string).
  // If false, POST requests will be sent as application/x-www-form-urlencoded (URL-encoded query string).
  // Defaults to false.
  directPost: false,
```

Don't forget to also include this in the README.
